All right.
In the last section, we have completed this suggestion area and we got the information.
The fake information from minifigure package in this section, we are going to start doing the authentication
part of our project.
If you look at the final version of the project here, you can see that my image is here.
The user name is coded to hand and there is another image here for the menu mini profile.
These are all getting from the Google.
And also, we have the image here as well with the user name.
If you sign out by clicking here or here.
We can see that we don't we will no longer we see the image here and we don't see the mini profile section
as well.
As soon as we sign in the week, we redirect it to a page called the.
Sign in.
The this is the URL of the off and finance, and we have a call back the website and then we have the
logo and the image here with the sign in with Google.
When we click on the sign in with Google, it redirect to a constant Google dot com.
And Google is going to suggest the the the email accounts or their Gmail accounts that we have already
sign in, or we can sign in with a new another account.
So I already been there.
You saw that I was with, according to her.
This time we try this email address.
And when you sign in, we can see that the mini profile has been changed to Sarhan, the for the username.
The image is now has the background white and here as well.
And also we can now put the comment or like here.
We're going to achieve this with the package called Nick's off, so.
We can search for next off year.
Oh, let's do it inside Chrome.
So inside the chrome and this is our sides here in the Google search for a off.
This is a package designed for next year and it's very powerful and it has everything you need.
And.
Inside here, we can have a live demo so we can check the live demo that they have a website that asks
you to sign in and also you can do with your Google account and everything, and some parts are protected.
So let's go to the documentation by just saying get started as you can see, and we need to do some
create some files inside Pages API.
We create a full folder called off and inside it, we make a file JavaScript file with this name with
a bracket.
Three dots and Nick's off and inside it.
We need to copy this code.
Which imports Nick's off and get her it.
We're not going to use guitar.
Instead, we're going to use Google provider.
So first, we need to install it.
So here in the upgrade guide, if you go here are the left upgrade guy, we can install Nix off by just
copying this line of code.
So we go back to our visual studio code is stop the server by using controversy and paste the link here.
And at the same time, we need for the Google part, we need to have the fire as Firebase as well.
So we here a Firebase.
And we go to Firebase that Google Dotcom.
Make sure that your sign in here, I'm not sign in, uh, let me do it, which.
OK.
Uh, yeah, let's sign.
I choose my.
Emailed to sign in.
So let me do it very fast.
Yeah, if you already sign into Google, it's going to show you some things.
Let me verify my.
Email as well.
Yeah, it's yeah.
OK.
So as soon as the sun in we can go to, you can see your image here and we can go to console here.
Go to console.
And here you can see that I have already created three.
Uh, three projects with the Instagram for my practice.
We just need to click click on Add Project to start a new project, and we named the project is to install
Insta version for myself, or you can call it anything you like.
So and here we just ask you that do you want to enable Google Analytics for this project?
Uh, this is just the for learning purposes.
We're not going to, uh, we don't need the Google Analytics.
So we disable this and we go to we click on the create the project.
In the meantime, we can see that if you already installed
nix off.
And as I mentioned before we go, we shoot inside the pages and API, we create another folder called
off.
And inside this folder, we need to create a file called Dot Dot Dot.
Next off.
That yes, and this one should be inside a bracket and inside this file, we need to copy that code
here.
That inside the introduction, an inside the getting started, they suggested a code it copy this one.
And we go back to next that year here and we paste it.
As I mentioned before, we need to change this getup to Google.
So, yeah, instead of GetUp, we just change that getup to Google.
We will provider from next off provider and here as well.
We make it Google.
And.
Here, uh, this one should be a Google provider as well.
You can add to GitHub later for yourself, too.
But in this video, we just focus on Google.
So we just hear, say, Google.
Client.
Good clarity and Google Client's secret.
All right.
So we need to create these environmental variables as well.
So but first, we need to create the application inside the Firebase.
It's already happening.
So we go to Firebase and see the installation already done and the new project is ready.
So we click on Continue.
And.
Here we click on this Web.
But the.
And register and you are called in to.
Version four and we click on Register app.
Now you see that there are things you need to install Firebase, so we just need to copy this line of
code and we go to our visual studio code and we paste the code here.
Now also, they said, we need to create a file called Firebase that yes.
And to and we copy this line of code inside there.
So we copy this code.
And we go to Visual Studio.
Code and here and in the package that Jason level, we create a file.
And they call it, uh, Firebase.
Jesus.
So we paste the code here that the only copy.
We need to make environmental variable for these things as well.
So, uh, let's uh.
See, the installation has been.
Finished here.
That's fine.
So let's create them here.
Inside the now, let's get the Google API as well.
First.
So we go back to console.
So it's already.
Oh, we already copy this, and we keep continue to counsel and forgetting the Google API that that
Google Client ID, we just need to search cloud Google and we go to cloud that Google, that J dot com.
Make sure that you are this sign in with your with the same Google account and you go to console your.
And inside this console, you need to go click on this navigation menu.
And for the API and services, you go to credentials.
We click on credentials.
Oh, make sure you choose the application.
So we have now, uh, we don't have the installation for, but if you go to all, you can find it here,
you just choose the the the application that you have already created inside Firebase.
You can see it here.
So we click on version Insta version for now, inside the credentials, go to off or off.
Version two client IDs.
And here you click on this pin icon to edit it.
And here you can find your.
Uh.
Your client ID and client's secret, so we copy this.
Client ID and we go to fire up its visual studio code and inside the environmental.
Variable that we haven't created yet, so here in this level, we create a file card that EMV that local.
And here.
B, make it Google.
Client ID and just equal it to this one that we have copied after that, we make the Google.
Client secret.
This one and we cover this.
And we pasted you.
So other things, so let's make the other things as well, so in fact base that, yes, we have API
key off domain, Project ID, storage bucket and everything.
So.
So we need to make the environmental variable for all of them.
So instead of this, here we create, we just process that and be.
Now, see that already top line is suggesting me based on the quotes online.
So just say this one.
And the copy of this as well, we copy this code.
We go to Ames, that's local.
And replaced it here and the equally to.
This discourage.
Just remember that you don't need to add the double cords in environmental variables.
We just need to paste the.
Key, the next one would be.
Off domain.
So we have to process that, and we took a look at this suggestion.
So we passed this one.
They copy this, paste it here, and we equal it to.
I highly recommend Tap Nine.
It's amazing.
So we caught this with the coach.
And we passed it here.
Next, next one is Project I.D. So just a process.
And we copy this picture here.
And we call it the.
Despite.
Mutilate the overcoat.
I think three more left, so we just the process.
A storage bucket.
So you copy this as well, we put it here.
This is the messaging messaging sender I.D..
That's us first.
You have such.
Senator.
Idea.
Copy this.
He said, yeah, it's sorry this fiction is very boring, but we have to do it otherwise people can
see our client's secret and everything on the web.
So.
If you don't do it, people can check your API key or other things easily and on their client browser.
So we copy this.
And pasted here, and this was the last one.
That's a long one.
We cut this leads to cut and paste it just after that.
All right.
Now we have the Google client idea, Google Client secret, all the Firebase keys here.
And.
The things the only things we need to do is just add some line of quotes here that protects us from
creating too many applications.
First, we need to import some things from the Firebase app.
I read the initiative we brought Initialize app from Firebase app.
We need two more things to hear.
One is Get app.
Give up.
And the other one is get apps.
Get up and get ups.
And also, we need to import.
The kids.
Get Firebase.
So get tour.
GIF fires tore.
From a fireplace slash fire store.
Firebase is store.
The next one is
this is just the initialization part.
It's a little bit boring, but the from the next part be going to the interesting parts.
So bear with me with this part, so we just stick.
And also, we need to get this storage, get storage from Firebase storage.
I'll tell you in a second why we imported these things.
As you can see in the initial code that we've got on Firebase, we just got the weed.
We just initialized the app.
But we didn't check that the if the there is an app inside Firebase, if there is a app, we initialize
it.
Actually, we're going to make another app.
So we don't want to do this on.
We just want to make sure that we only create.
One app.
And if the app is existed, we don't initialize it.
Now here, we just say if.
There is apps, so we've just called that function that we are the imported gift apps.
If this one checks, if there is apps.
So we just say if the the length of the air.
Lance, off the air, there is a length or means if more than zero.
Then.
And because we put the North Mint means this is if it's the length of the APS is zero, then initialize
it otherwise.
Just to get the app that already created before, so we just say, get up here.
So that's a very simple ternary operator and we just see if the there's no app initialize it, if there
is an app.
Just get there.
After this, we need to initialize the database with just seconds.
The database it calls to get.
Fire, a store that's been already imported at a time after that, we need to initialize the storage
just to storage is equal to gifts storage.
Function.
And at the end, we need to export.
All of them.
That's the are the initial us, so we just say export app.
Database and storage.
That's it.
Yeah.
So the initial we got these, uh, builtin functions for Firebase and.
We based on the the keys, we have the initialize the app, and we say if there is no app be initialized
there and if there is an app, we just get the app and from that app we get the database and the storage
and the export this file.
No, in any place in the app that we need to fight this, we just import this fire.
All right, that was it for this, but for this video in the next section, we're going to create the
sign in page.
So first, let's add everything to the guitar and be review of a code.
So we just get command
with the message of.
And so next.
Off.
And Firebase.
And initialize.
To find this.
And we get pushed to the database, to the repository, so we go now to.
Our repository will refresh the page, we should see a new commit.
And we click on this one and we see that we create a firebase, that, yes, we initialize the application
using this code.
And we put everything from here to the environmental variable, so nobody can have access to this information
on our internet browser when we.
Finalize the project and also we have a.
Instead, the next off and we created the Google Client I.D. and client client secret and added them
to environmental variables.
So make sure to check this page as your reference if you have missed because I did a little bit fast,
but in the next section, we're going to start with the signing page and we created and add the functionality
to our project.
So see you in the next section.